feat(kuma-cp): added docs for tls prom secured (#1438)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/traffic-metrics.md

    type: prometheus
    conf:

>       skipMTLS: true # by default mTLS metrics are also protected by mTLS. Scraping metrics with mTLS without transparent proxy is not supported at the moment.

Reviewer: Only put this if lte:2.3.x right?

> {% if_version lte:2.3.x %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:2.4.x %}
```

right?

      path: /metrics
      tags: # tags that can be referred in Traffic Permission when metrics are secured by mTLS  
        kuma.io/service: dataplane-metrics

> {% if_version lte:2.3.x %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:2.3.x %}
```

You can pass the `filter` query parameter to limit the results to metrics whose names match a given regular expression.
By default all available metrics are returned.

> {% if_version lte:2.3.x %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:2.4.x %}
```

### Secure metrics with TLS

> {{site.mesh_product_name}} allows configuring metrics endpoint with TLS. You can use it when the `Prometheus` deployment is outside of the mesh and requires security for the communication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{site.mesh_product_name}} allows configuring metrics endpoint with TLS. You can use it when the `Prometheus` deployment is outside of the mesh and requires secure communication.
```

{% tabs expose-metrics-data-plane-proxies-tls useUrlFragment=false %}
{% tab expose-metrics-data-plane-proxies-tls Kubernetes %}

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: Mesh
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  metrics:
    enabledBackend: prometheus-1
    backends:
    - name: prometheus-1
      type: prometheus
      conf:
        port: 5670
        path: /metrics
        tls:
          mode: delegated
```

> Apart from `Mesh` configuration, `kuma-sidecar` requires provided certificate and key to the `kuma-sidecar`. When the certificate and the key is available in the container, `kuma-sidecar` needs paths to them provided in environment variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the `Mesh` configuration, `kuma-sidecar` requires a provided certificate and key for its operation. When the certificate and key are available within the container, `kuma-sidecar` needs the paths to these files to be provided as the following environment variables:
```

* KUMA_DATAPLANE_METRICS_CERT_PATH
* KUMA_DATAPLANE_METRICS_KEY_PATH

> It's possible to use [`ContainerPatch`](/docs/{{ page.version }}/production/dp-config/dpp-on-kubernetes/#custom-container-configuration) to add variable into `kuma-sidecar`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's possible to use a [`ContainerPatch`](/docs/{{ page.version }}/production/dp-config/dpp-on-kubernetes/#custom-container-configuration) to add variables to `kuma-sidecar`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: ContainerPatch
metadata:
  name: container-patch-1
  namespace: kuma-system
spec:
  sidecarPatch:
    - op: add
      path: /env/-
      value: '{
          "name": "KUMA_DATAPLANE_METRICS_CERT_PATH",
          "value": "/kuma/server.crt"
        }'
    - op: add
      path: /env/-
      value: '{
          "name": "KUMA_DATAPLANE_METRICS_KEY_PATH",
          "value": "/kuma/server.key"
        }'
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab expose-metrics-data-plane-proxies-tls Universal %}

```yaml
type: Mesh
name: default
metrics:
  enabledBackend: prometheus-1
  backends:
  - name: prometheus-1
    type: prometheus
    conf:
      port: 5670
      path: /metrics
      tls:
        mode: delegated
```

> Apart from `Mesh` configuration, `kuma-dp` requires provided certificate and key to the `kuma-dp`. Upload the certificate and the key to the machine and define:
> * KUMA_DATAPLANE_METRICS_CERT_PATH
> * KUMA_DATAPLANE_METRICS_KEY_PATH
> 
> for `kuma-dp` with paths to them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the `Mesh` configuration, `kuma-dp` requires a provided certificate and key for its operation. Please upload the certificate and the key to the machine, and then define the following environment variables with the correct paths:
* KUMA_DATAPLANE_METRICS_CERT_PATH
* KUMA_DATAPLANE_METRICS_KEY_PATH
```

- Application metrics are labelled with your mesh parameters (tags, mesh, data plane name...), this means that in mixed Universal and Kubernetes mode metrics are reported with the same types of labels.
- Both application and sidecar metrics are scraped at the same time. This makes sure they are coherent (with 2 different scrapers they can end up scraping at different intervals and make metrics harder to correlate).

> - If you disable [passthrough](/docs/{{ page.version }}/networking/non-mesh-traffic#outgoing) and your mesh uses mTLS but Prometheus is outside the mesh {% if_version lte:2.3.x %}(`skipMTLS: true`){% endif_version %}{% if_version gte:2.4.x %}`tls.mode: disabled`{% endif_version %} this is the only way to retrieve these metrics as the app is completely hidden behind the sidecar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you disable [passthrough](/docs/{{ page.version }}/networking/non-mesh-traffic#outgoing) and your mesh uses mTLS but Prometheus is outside the mesh {% if_version lte:2.3.x %}(`skipMTLS: true`){% endif_version %}{% if_version gte:2.4.x %}(`tls.mode: disabled`){% endif_version %} this is the only way to retrieve these metrics as the app is completely hidden behind the sidecar.
```

        path: /metrics
        tags: # tags that can be referred in Traffic Permission when metrics are secured by mTLS 
          kuma.io/service: dataplane-metrics
{% if_version gte:2.4.x %}
        tls:
          mode: activeMTLSBackend

> {% endif_version %}

Reviewer: I think this is left over
